.TH DETDISPLAY 1EXP
.SH NAME
DetDisplay
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This module displays the detector geometry.  The input file can be
a dbin file or an McFast file with Geometery.
Be sure to have defined a soft link to the db directory containing the
templates in the area from which you will be getting your .db files.
ln -s $MCFAST_DIR/db db
.PP
After the geometry has been read in, the list of objects will appear in the
scrolled list box in reverse order.  The name will be of the form DEVXXX_NAME. 
Many devices are displayed as more than one object.  For example, each layer of
silicon associated with a single silicon detector will appear as a separate
device.  To edit a device, select that device by clicking on it in the scrolled
list.  The current display parameters for that device will
appear on the widgets.  The detector display will disappear from the Render.
Modify the display parameters as desired, using the Explorer Color Editor 
module to define the colors and the panel widgets to define the other
properties.  Modify as many detectors as desired remember to click on each
detector before you modify it.  When modifications are complete, click on
display.
.SH INPUTS
.TP
.BI "Color" " -- Parameter (Opt.)"
This port is used with the Explorer Color Map
Widget to allow the user to select the color of each detector.
.TP
.BI "DetName" " -- Parameter (Opt.)"
.SH WIDGETS
.TP
.BI "geom_filename" " -- File Browser"
Input the file here.  The default is $DETECTOR which can be
defined using setenv prior to starting Explorer.  Otherwise 
enter the pathname and select the file.
.TP
.BI "Transparency" " -- Dial"
This widget allows the user to set the transparency for each object.  0 is fully
opaque and 1 is transparent to the point of invisibility.  Use the outer dial
for coarse adjustment and the inner dial for fine adjustment
.TP
.BI "Visibility" " -- Radio Box"
(not shown, solid, wireframe).
This widget allows the user to select the Visibility for each object.  Select
not shown to make an object disappear from view.
.TP
.BI "List" " -- Scroll List"
This holds the list of detector objects for modification
.TP
.BI "Display" " -- Button"
This button is used to redisplay the detector after modification.
.TP
.BI "CutAngleEnd" " -- Dial"
This dial describes the angle in degrees for the end of a cut 
to show a detector cross section.  Use the outer dial for coarse adjustment and
the inner dial for fine adjustment.
.TP
.BI "CutAngleStart" " -- Dial"
This dial describes the angle in degrees for the beginning of a cut to 
show a detector cross section.  Use the outer dial for coarse adjustment and
the inner dial for fine adjustment.
.TP
.BI "Cutaway" " -- Radio Box"
(cut, solid, wedge).
These buttons toggle between cross section and solid views.  Some detectors, 
such as silicon wedges, are always displayed as cut cross sections 
so apply this cut judiciously.
.TP
.BI "Nsides" " -- Text"
This text widget allows the user to specify how many sides on a polygon is used
to represent conical objects
.TP
.BI "Red" " -- Slider"
This slider shows the RED component of the selected detector.  It is not used
as input, only as information.  Please use the color editor to change detector 
colors
.TP
.BI "Green" " -- Slider"
This slider shows the GREEN component of the selected detector.  It is not used
as input.  Please use the color editor to change detector colors
.TP
.BI "Blue" " -- Slider"
This slider shows the BLUE component of the selected detector.  It is not used
as input.  Please use the color editor to change detector colors
.TP
.BI "DetName" " -- Parameter (Opt.)"
When this port is wired to the DetPick module output port "DetLabel", a picked
detector will automatically be selected for updating.
.SH OUTPUTS
.TP
.BI "geom" " -- Geometry"
This output port is used to send the geometery to the render for display.
.SH KNOWN PROBLEMS
.PP
Current implementation.  Values of changes to viewing parameters are not saved
on exit.  Changing one device at a time is extremely tedious for many detectors
that are composed of many devices (silicon is especially bad).  The scrolled
list does not refresh after a geometer file is read in.
.SH SEE ALSO
Render
Coloreditor
DetPick
